pages: add "coming from" section with opa & rails (#249)
authzed/docs: pages/spicedb/getting-started/coming-from/cancancan.mdx

import PSDLight from '@/public/images/ps-light.svg'
import PSDDark from '@/public/images/ps-dark.svg'
import CCCLight from '@/public/images/ps-cancancan-light.svg'
import CCCDark from '@/public/images/ps-cancancan-dark.svg'
import SpiceDBLight from '@/public/images/ps-spicedb-light.svg'
import SpiceDBDark from '@/public/images/ps-spicedb-dark.svg'

# SpiceDB for Ruby on Rails CanCanCan users

This document is designed to cover the conceptual differences between SpiceDB and the popular Ruby on Rails gem CanCanCan.

> The focus of the content below is not intended to be a competitive anlaysis, but rather a bridge to understand SpiceDB for existing Rails users.

Reviewer: Might be helpful to visually call out this as well.

```suggestion
<Callout type="info" emoji="ℹ️">
The focus of the content below is not intended to be a competitive anlaysis, but rather a bridge to understand SpiceDB for existing Rails users.
</Callout>
```

and `import { Callout } from 'nextra/components'`

While many databases are general-purpose, SpiceDB is optimized specifically for storing and querying authorization data.
SpiceDB provides all three components of a permissions systems: schema provides the models, the data is stored within the database itself, and the query engine interprets the two in order to make access control decisions.

<center>
  <SpiceDBLight className="p-5 h-96 w-96 dark:hidden"/>
  <SpiceDBDark className="p-5 h-96 w-96 hidden dark:block"/>
</center>

## When to use SpiceDB instead of Cancancan

SpiceDB provides a centralized system and, while doing so, enforces opinions about how authorization should be done.
Adopting SpiceDB can be a powerful tool for enabling a shift towards centralizing authorization into one service that can be operated by a specialized team.
This design is a perfect fit for when there are multiple software services in an organization that needs to share data in order to secure access to their resources.

## When to use Cancancan instead of SpiceDB

Cancancan, and authorization libraries in general, excels when a monolithic or modular monolith architecture is the best fit for your software stack.

> The more committed your codebases are to one language and framework the more shared logic can leverage.

Reviewer 2: "the more shared logic can leverage" reads strangely to me. "one can leverage?" "you can leverage?"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, there are framework utilities and reusable app libraries that your authorization models can leverage.
```
